Do you understand on money force, you've mastered it so well done, and like I mentioned, I hope you
weren't feeling intimidated by it.
I know it has been a bit hard.
We've got into a lot of functionality we haven't yet discussed in the course of don't worry if you were
a bit lost, but it will make sense by the end of this course.
The one thing I just want to mention as a closing point is that JavaScript is the language used to write
24, but the poly itself doesn't have to be used for JavaScript.
In fact, you can create a pencil to implement various browser features other than JavaScript.
Well, what other features am I talking about?
What other features can we create in the plentiful?
Well, pretty much anything.
You want things like a CGI canvas, wave storage, local and session storage videos HTML five elements
sees is responsive design, web sockets, geolocation.
Is that enough?
As you can tell, there's a lot we can do.
So it is a very important lesson for you to go through.
I'm glad you soldiered on with me, and I'll see you in the next section.
Enjoy it.